---
layout: post
title: "TODO"
date: "2020-01-17"
author: "***`'Just-Kiss-It'`***"
image: https://i.imgur.com/2RGUHwt.jpg
---

### TODO:

### THIS PAGE WILL BE CONSTANTLY EDITED:

### On [https:just-kiss-it.github.io/u_will](https:just-kiss-it.github.io/u_will) :
(in no particular order)

- [ ] Try `'HUGO'` out more. The variables are different, but the general layout just makes sense. Plus, ***it is so fast!***

- [ ] Fix the **`'Icomoon'`** thing. Learn out how to make your own custom icon fonts from raster images or `.png`s.

- [ ] Make icons for my **`'LBRY'`** channel, **Bitchute**, **Brighteon**, **8kun**, **FreedomZine**, eventually the **`'Gitlab'`** thang I'm involved in...

- [ ] Add in PermaLinks to the FrontMatter of all Markdown files.

- [ ] Get rid of the `'Documentation'` Page, in favor of an `'Articles'` Page.

- [ ] Write an **`'About'`** Page and get rid of the `'Hydejack'` 'About' Page.

- [ ] For now, use the **`'About'`** Page *(I just asked you to write!)* as your `README.md` file, replacing the filler crap.

- [ ] Start decimating blog posts already, eliminating waste and unnecessary b.s.

- [ ] **ORGANIZE!** Start creating **STRUCTURE**.

- [ ] Create my own structured page layout with embedded Images that call up a month or whatever else, like days in a month

- [ ] Embed some kind of video viewer thing

- [ ] Check out **`Chris Titus Tech`**'s new website.

- [ ] Check out **`DistroTube`**'s new website and forum. Glean clues and ideas from both.

- [ ] Figure out the **`'LBRY'`** Desktop app and why it is not working. Turn that into one article, and maybe make a video.

- [ ] Complete the video about making a website using `'Beaker Browser'` and post everywhere.

- [ ] Complete video on making a website using a static site generator

- [ ] Make a video on how to make an anonymous Google account to host YouTube videos anonymously, etc... Use ***ALL*** the `'Services'`.

- [ ] Make a video on how to *'unGoogle'*... Use **`'Takeout'`**, then completely expunge ***all*** of the data Google has on that account.

- [ ] Post said videos on the first account. Keep as long as they let me. Continue posting anti-Google videos on YouTube with it.
-   - (the second Google account would have obviously been deleted in the making of the second Google video.

- [ ] Fix up the old `'Just-Kiss-It'` **'hashbase.io'** site for leaving be...

- [ ] Fix up the old `'FreedomZine'` **hashbase.io'** site for leaving be and leading on...

- [ ] Buy two domain names for ***'JKI'*** & ***'FZ'*** activities to live on in new ways.

- [ ] Formulate plans and figure out exactly what you're doing with the folks over at **`'Gitlab'`**, in dat private repository.

- [ ] Finish writing article *'Can U Here Mi NAO?'*

- [ ] Start with organizing some of those *'Letters I Wish I Could Write'*...

- [ ] Finish Letter to put into permanent medical record. The one for the above *'book'*,
-   - [ ] (***AND*** the one you should ***literally*** write!)

- [ ] Start making beautiful images for thumbnails and the like... You can use buttons to define many variables in **`'_partial'`**s

-----

### ARTICLES:

- [ ] **RESONANCE**

- [ ] **CONFORMITY versus AUTHENTICITY**

- [ ] **Can U Here Mi NAO?**

- [ ] **PSEUDONYMOUS PRATTLINGS**

- - [ ] Don't forget to touch on Cryptos!

- [ ] **LETTERS I WISH I COULD SEND:**

- - [ ] Charter & ISPs in general


- - [ ] Walmart, Google, Amazon -- **Why I Hate Big Business**


- - [ ] **Put *THIS* In My Health Record!**


- - [ ] **Why U Steal My Dog?**
- - - [ ] Far East
- - - [ ] Far West
- - - [ ] Northwest


- [ ] **How Relationships with *'Authority'* Color All We Do**


- [ ] **ANGER, RESENTMENT & GROWING UP**
